[4.4] docs(grid): Use ColumnMenu with FilterRow (#1525)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/grid/columns/menu.md

The Grid allows you to setup a menu for its columns. It enables you to perform high-level customization like [sorting]({%slug components/grid/features/sorting%}), [filtering]({%slug components/grid/filtering%}), [showing or hiding]({%slug grid-columns-visible%}) columns and [freezing or unfreezing]({%slug grid-columns-frozen%}) them.

>caption In this article:
* [Basics](#basics)
* [Features](#features)
    * [Sorting](#sorting)
    * [Filtering](#filtering)
    * [Frozen Columns](#frozen-columns)
    * [Column Chooser](#column-chooser)
    * [Sections](#sections)

> *[Example](#example)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Example](#example)
```

* [Notes](#notes)

## Basics

> To enable the column menu, set the `ShowColumnMenu` parameter of the `<TelerikGrid>` tag to `true`. This will enable the menu for each column of the Grid.

Author: ```suggestion
To enable the Column Menu, set the `ShowColumnMenu` parameter of the `<TelerikGrid>` tag to `true`. This will enable the menu for each column of the Grid.
```

</TelerikGrid>

@code {

>     public IEnumerable<SampleData> GridData = Enumerable.Range(1, 30).Select(x => new SampleData

Author: ```suggestion
    private IEnumerable<SampleData> GridData = Enumerable.Range(1, 30).Select(x => new SampleData
```

To remove the sorting option from the Column Menu set the `Sortable` parameter of the `GridColumnMenuSettings` tag to `false`.

### Filtering

To control whether filtering is possible from the Column Menu set the `FilterMode` parameter of the `GridColumnMenuSettings` tag to a member of the `ColumnMenuFilterMode` enum:

* `None` - disables the filtering from the Column Menu. This is the recommended option if you use [`FilterRow` mode]({%slug grid-filter-row%}).
* `FilterMenu` - enables a filter menu to apply filtering.

> >important Do not mix [`FilterRow`]({%slug grid-filter-row%}) mode with [`FilterMenu`]({%slug grid-filter-menu%}) in the Column Menu. These filtering modes provide different UI and filter inputs. Combining them may cause a misleading UX regarding the applied filters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>important Do not mix [`FilterRow`]({%slug grid-filter-row%}) mode with [`FilterMenu`]({%slug grid-filter-menu%}) in the Column Menu. These filtering modes provide different UI and filter inputs. Combining them may mislead the user about the applied filters.
```

### Frozen Columns

To disable locking and unlocking of a column from the Column Menu, set the `Lockable` parameter of the `GridColumnMenuSettings` to `false`.

### Column Chooser

The Column Chooser in the Column Menu allows you to toggle the visibility of the Grid columns from the Column Menu. By the default, all columns are visible under the `Columns` section of the Column Menu (click the Columns item to expand it).

> The **Apply** button will set the column visibility, according to the current checkbox values, and will close the column menu. The **Reset** button will revert the checkbox values to their state when the column menu was opened. At this point the user can start over, click on **Apply** or click outside the column menu to close it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Apply** button will set the column visibility according to the current checkbox values and will close the column menu. The **Reset** button will revert the checkbox values to the state they had when the column menu was opened. At this point, the user can start over, click **Apply**, or click outside the column menu to close it.
```

    
    * If you set the `Title` parameter of the `GridColumnMenuChooserItem` it will override the value of the `Title` parameter of the corresponding Grid Column. 

### Example

> The following example shows basic configuration of the `ColumnMenuSettings`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows the basic configuration of the `ColumnMenuSettings`.
```

> The columns in the Column Chooser are divided in sections. The Lockable option is disabled from the Column Menu. Filtering  is disabled from the Column Menu, so the Grid can use FilterRow. The `Id` column has no Column Menu and the `HireDate` column is not visible in Column Chooser.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The columns in the Column Chooser are divided in sections. The Lockable option is disabled from the Column Menu. Filtering in the Column Menu is disabled, so the Grid can use a `FilterRow`. The `Id` column has no Column Menu and the `HireDate` column is not visible in Column Chooser.
```

Reviewer: Use "divided into" instead of "divided in".

> The columns in the Column Chooser are divided in sections. The Lockable option is disabled from the Column Menu. Filtering in the Column Menu is disabled, so the Grid can use a `FilterRow`. The `Id` column has no Column Menu and the `HireDate` column is not visible in Column Chooser.

Author: ```suggestion
The columns in the Column Chooser are divided into sections. The Lockable option is disabled from the Column Menu. Filtering in the Column Menu is disabled, so the Grid can use a `FilterRow`. The `Id` column has no Column Menu and the `HireDate` column is not visible in Column Chooser.
```
